add docs for k8s kubeconfig, defaultNamespace (#3803)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/components-reference/supported-bindings/kubernetes-binding.md

| `namespace` | Y | Input  | The Kubernetes namespace to read events from | `"default"` |
| `resyncPeriodInSec` | N | Input | The period of time to refresh event list from Kubernetes API server. Defaults to `"10"` | `"15"`
| `direction` | N | Input | The direction of the binding | `"input"`

> | `kubeconfigPath` | N | Input | The path to the kubeconfig file. If not specified, the binding will use the default in-cluster config value | `"/path/to/kubeconfig"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `kubeconfigPath` | N | Input | The path to the kubeconfig file. If not specified, the binding uses the default in-cluster config value | `"/path/to/kubeconfig"`
```
